In this module we've bootstrapped our Angular application and we are now ready
to add some graphical components and talk to our backend.
First of all, thanks to Angular CLI,
we managed to quickly bootstrap an Angular
application that follows the standard Node.
JS directory structure and defines the appropriate package.
json file.
This configuration file already comes with all the Angular dependencies.
Thanks to Yarn we can easily install the application,
a new dependency, or compile and run our application on the Express web server.
All is set up,
it's now time to add some code to our bookstore frontend application.
In the next module we will focus on defining the
graphical components of our application.
Basically, we need a component to list all the books from the database,
show the detail of a single book, and a form to create a new book.
So as you can already guess,
in the next module we will mostly use the ng generate component command to save some time.